=pod

=head1 NAME

README for unicruft - UTF-8 approximation library and tools

=cut

##======================================================================
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The `unicruft' package contains both a C library and command-line utilities
for robust approximation of UTF-8 input by ASCII, Latin-1, and/or
the subet of Latin-1 used in contemporary German orthography (henceforth
referred to as "Latin-1.DE").

The basic transliteration heuristics in uxTableAscii.c were auto-generated
from those used by the L<Text::Unidecode(3pm)|Text::Unidecode> Perl module by
Sean M. Burke.

=cut

##======================================================================
=pod

=head1 INSTALLATION

=cut

##--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 Requirements

=cut

##~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
=pod

=head3 C Libraries

Nothing special required, although use of the GNU
GNU C library is highly recommended.

=cut


##~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
=pod

=head3 Development Tools

=over 4

=item C compiler

tested version(s): gcc v4.3.3 / linux

=item GNU flex (development only)

tested version(s): 2.5.33

Only needed if you plan on making changes to the lexer sources.

=item GNU autoconf (SVN only)

tested version(s): 2.61

Required for building from SVN sources.

=item GNU automake (SVN only)

tested version(s): 1.9.6

Required for building from SVN sources.

=back

=cut

##--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 Building from SVN

To build this package from SVN sources, you must first run the shell command:

 bash$ sh ./autoreconf.sh

from the distribution root directory B<BEFORE> running F<./configure>.
Building from SVN sources requires additional development tools to present
on the build system.  Then, follow the instructions in L</"Building from Source">.

=cut

##--------------------------------------------------------------
=pod

=head2 Building from Source

To build and install the entire package, issue the following commands to the shell:

 bash$ cd unicruft-0.01      # (or wherever you unpacked this distribution)
 bash$ sh ./configure        # configure the package
 bash$ make                  # build the package
 bash$ make install          # install the package on your system

More details on the top-level installation process can be found in
the file F<INSTALL> in the distribution root directory.

=cut

##======================================================================
=pod

=head1 USAGE

 unicruft --help

Will print a brief help message.
See the L<unicruft(1)|unicruft> manpage for more details.

=cut

##======================================================================
=pod

=head1 SEE ALSO

Text::Unidecode(3pm),
recode(1),
iconv(1),
...

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>jurish@bbaw.deE<gt>

=cut
