
=pod

=head1 NAME

unicruft - UTF-8 approximator



=head1 SYNOPSIS

unicruft [OPTIONS] FILE(s)

 Arguments:
    FILE(s)  Input text file(s)

 Options
    -h        --help                  Print help and exit.
    -V        --version               Print version and exit.
    -cFILE    --rcfile=FILE           Read an alternate configuration file.
    -mSTRING  --mode=STRING           Conversion mode (ua|ul|ud|udpp|lu)
    -a        --utf8-to-ascii         Convert UTF-8 input to 7-bit ASCII (default)
    -l        --utf8-to-latin1        Convert UTF-8 input to 8-bit Latin-1
    -d        --utf8-to-latin1-de     Convert UTF-8 input to de_DE.Latin-1-'safe' UTF-8
    -p        --utf8-to-latin1-de-pp  Preprocess UTF-8 input to UTF-8 output (debug)
    -u        --latin1-to-utf8        Convert Latin-1 input to UTF-8 output
    -oFILE    --output=FILE           Output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

UTF-8 approximator



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<FILE(s)>

Input text file(s)


If unspecified, standard input will be read.


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--mode=STRING> , C<-mSTRING>

Conversion mode (ua|ul|ud|udpp|lu)

Default: 'ua'






=item C<--utf8-to-ascii> , C<-a>

Convert UTF-8 input to 7-bit ASCII (default)

Default: '0'






=item C<--utf8-to-latin1> , C<-l>

Convert UTF-8 input to 8-bit Latin-1

Default: '0'






=item C<--utf8-to-latin1-de> , C<-d>

Convert UTF-8 input to de_DE.Latin-1-'safe' UTF-8

Default: '0'






=item C<--utf8-to-latin1-de-pp> , C<-p>

Preprocess UTF-8 input to UTF-8 output (debug)

Default: '0'






=item C<--latin1-to-utf8> , C<-u>

Convert Latin-1 input to UTF-8 output

Default: '0'






=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-oFILE>

Output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.06
using Getopt::Gen version 0.13.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F unicruft unicruft.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



... arthropods, having a hard exoskeleton, a three-part body (head, thorax, and abdomen), three pairs of jointed legs, compound eyes, and two antennae; cf. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insect



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>jurish@bbaw.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<perl>, L<Getopt::Gen>.

=cut


